Add Yandex Music support (#19)
TopiSenpai/LavaSrc: README.md

* [Spotify*](https://www.spotify.com) playlists/albums/songs/artists(top tracks)/search results
* [Apple Music*](https://www.apple.com/apple-music/) playlists/albums/songs/artists/search results(Big thx to [ryan5453](https://github.com/ryan5453) for helping me)
* [Deezer](https://www.deezer.com) playlists/albums/songs/artists/search results(Big thx to [ryan5453](https://github.com/ryan5453) and [melike2d](https://github.com/melike2d) for helping me)

> * [Yandex Music](https://music.yandex.ru) playlists/albums/songs/artists/podcasts/search results(Big thx to [AgutinVBoy](https://github.com/agutinvboy) for helping me)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Yandex Music](https://music.yandex.ru) playlists/albums/songs/artists/podcasts/search results(Thx to [AgutinVBoy](https://github.com/agutinvboy) for implementing it)
```
